fix: improve error presentation for yaml errors (#5483)
canonical/snapcraft: docs/release-notes/snapcraft-8-9.rst

- The uv plugin was breaking with uv 0.7.
- The ``snapcraft test`` command would fail to install snaps with devmode confinement.

Snapcraft 8.9.2
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - YAML errors in the project file weren't properly presented.

Reviewer: I'd like to make this more robust:

```suggestion
- YAML issues originating from the project file now emit errors instead of tracebacks,
  making them easier to identify and read.
```

Reviewer 2: This might be overly pedantic, but I notice that this describes the solution, while the other entries in the section describe the issue. Do we want to align this with the existing entries or leave it as is?

```suggestion
- YAML issues originating from the project file were emitting tracebacks instead of error
  messages.
```
